feat(changelog): jobs-added-serverless-jobs-contextual-parameters 2024-03-05 (#2844)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/march2024/2024-03-05-jobs-added-serverless-jobs-contextual-parameters.mdx

---
title: Serverless Jobs contextual parameters
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-jobs-beta channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-03-05
category: serverless
product: jobs
---

> Serverless Jobs are now more flexible, Job Definitions are the blueprints of execution and we now allow customisation without duplication of your definitions.
> 
> You can pass contextual parameters: Concurrent executions, environment variables and command to run at startup!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Jobs are becoming more flexible!
You can now use contextual parameters, such as concurrent executions, environment variables, and startup commands that only apply to a single execution without creating a new job definition.
```
